
Atom Graph GUI
	by Alex Broadbent

------------------------------------------
 This guide is best viewed with Notepad++
------------------------------------------



Layout
The basic layout of the GUI is a menu bar across the top of the screen, and the rest of the
area being the graph area.


Nodes and Atoms
Within this area, atoms from the menu bar can be dragged down with a left mouse click and moved 
around. Atoms can be selected by left clicking on them, from this selection you can move the
atom around the area. 

The atom can be double clicked, and the options menu will appear. From this menu the atom's own 
properties can be changed, different atoms have different properties. 


Links
Atoms can be linked together to form molecules, right-clicking two nodes. An arrow will be drawn 
between them to show the link. An atom can also link to itself, by right-clicking the same node twice.


Export/Import
Networks of atoms can be saved and loaded. This can be done through the big blue boxes on the main interface.
Clicking Save Network will open up the operating system's default file selector, once a json (JavaScript Object
Notation) file has been selected, or a new file name has been entered, the network will be saved to that file.

A network can be loaded by clicking Load Network, after which a file selector will display, and a json (JavaScript 
Object Notation) file can be selected.

If there are unsaved changes made to a network, then a * (asterisk) will appear before the title of the network 
in the title of the program.


Options
User preferences can be set through the options menu. This contains three different categories of options:
Environment - The program can be made to offer different environments for different robots. The robot can
				be selected through this option.
Startup 	- The program can load a network when it is first loaded, this can be set through the options
				menu, by clicking the 'Remember File' checkbox. Be sure to select a file first though, if
				one has not already been selected.
Display 	- The program can change it's look and feel, by changing some display properties. The ID of the
				atom can be displayed, and an optional box can be displayed around the ID to make it stand 
				out more. The properties of an atom can be displayed when mouse overed, this can be changed 
				with the Display Properties checkbox.

Once a value is changed, the choice will be remembered for the rest of the time that the program is opened. To
save the options for future use, click the Save button. The menu will then be closed.



